A few weeks ago, our next guest
had his family's last name
legally changed to
match his stepdad's.
And here's what happened
when his stepdad found out.
Very cool.
I'll tell you what it says.
That's pretty cool.
Tell me.
"Madison Marie Watson."
You going to tell Papa why?
Tell them what we did today.
We went in front of
a judge for my name
to be changed to Watson.
Yeah?
You did?
Yeah.
Are you serious?
It's official.
Oh my goodness!
That's just--
Oh man, that just made my life.
[LAUGHS]
Get out of here.
Wow!
[LAUGHTER]
Oh my goodness,
that-- you know what?
GG and [INAUDIBLE]
already knew about it.
The video has over
15 million views.
From Whitehall, Pennsylvania,
please welcome the Watsons,
Paul, Marcus, and Madison.
Well, hi, y'all.
Hi.
That was a beautiful
moment right there.
Thank you.
Hi, Madison.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
That's a pretty dress.
It's a really pretty dress.
OK, so was that
fun for you to do?
And you gave him
something, right?
What did it say on it?
It said our new last names.
Madison Marie Watson.
And Marcus Watson.
Right.
That was-- and you
like your new name?
Yes.
Yeah.
OK, so when did you
come into Marcus's life?
When did this happen?
Marcus was a year old, and his
mother and I started dating.
And she invited me to his
second birthday party.
So I went to the
And we stayed dating, you
know, throughout that time.
And we celebrated
his life, two years.
And then I knew that I was going
to continue to be in his life.
And I just wanted to give
him stability and a future.
Because your biological dad
was not really in the picture,
right?
No, he wasn't.
For a brief period
of time, he was.
But it was his choice, you know.
We went on without him.
And I had everything I
already needed at home.
So it was an OK deal for me.
Yeah.
Yeah, you sure did.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
So when did you first
start calling him "Dad?"
Dad?
I was young.
Dad can tell the story.
Go ahead.
Yeah, he called me
"Paul" for a long time.
Three years.
Called me Paul.
He would ask me little questions
with this little voice, "Paul,
Paul."
And I just, you know.
And then one day, we
put him on the bus
to go to school for his first
year, seeing him off to school.
And then he was coming back,
the bus was driving toward us.
I was standing on
the side of the road.
And him and his little
friend were waving.
And he was like, "Dad, Dad.
There's my dad."
And the little
kid looked at him.
He looked at me.
[LAUGHTER]
He said, is that your dad?
He said, yep, that's my dad.
Sure is.
And it's been that
way ever since.
And I know that you're a huge
Kansas City Chiefs fans, right?
Oh, yeah.
Huge.
Big time.
Yeah.
Look at that screen right there.
Hey, Ellen.
Hey, Watson family.
This is Alex Smith, quarterback
for the Kansas City Chiefs.
We heard you're
huge Chiefs fans,
and we want to invite
you all out to a game.
Marcus, thank you for your
service to our country.
And Paul, thank you for
being an amazing dad.
See you guys soon.
[APPLAUSE]
Get out of town!
Oh my goodness.
Thank you.
So you're getting four
club-level tickets,
you're getting sideline
passes, a tour of the stadium.
And Madison, you're
going to meet--
all of you, you're going
to meet the Chiefs mascot.
And this is going to be
exciting, I think, right?
Now she seems more
excited than any--
She's a Chiefs fan.
She's a Chiefs fan?
Yeah.
All right.
And I got something for
you so that you can--
Aw, thank you.
What do you say, Maddie?
And they all say "Watson."
What?
Thank you, guys.